Add advanced security questions 32-41 (#124)
FidelusAleksander/githubcertified: content/questions/advanced_security/question-041.md

---
question: "How can CodeQL be used in an external CI system for GitHub repositories?"
archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 041"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/using-code-scanning-with-your-existing-ci-system#about-using-code-scanning-with-your-existing-ci-system

> 1. [x] Run CodeQL in the CI system and automatically upload the results to GitHub for display on pull requests and in the security tab

Reviewer: What do You mean for "display on pull requests" ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [x] Run CodeQL CLI in the external CI system to scan code and upload the results to GitHub
```
